MAX FOSTER IN LONDON.
>> AND THIS ISG
PALESTINIAN SIDE OF THE RAFAH
CROSSING THIS ISCCORDINGO RALEE
FORCRE THE AND WITH ARTILLY TA
OF COURSHAVE SOUGHT
MIPOED EVEN THOUGHFFA.  THIS CO
S IS FARM
RACESSARY IREMENND
OBVIOUSL REGARDLESER ME. HE IINE
SIGNIFICANT MOVEMENT IN RAFFA.
WHYOU
UNDERSTAND IT RIGHT NOW.
ESN, WE EI
EXPLOSIONS GHGH R
APPEARS
HAWE
INCLUDING IN RAFFAEAD, I ISRAEL
ANALYSTS, BARACK RAVID THAT
THRE MOVING , RAA
WITHRON ORDETO OVER THATNG WHIC
ONBORDER
KNOWN HE CRITICALLIAOU
VERYEGICENYPT AND GAZA. ERRYIE
AS SMUGGLING
OPERATIONS ALSO TAKE PLACE
R EXACTLY THE
HIAT THI
IN
PALES TER THE ISRAEERED TENS O
RAFFA, AUTVIN
ND OF
HAT AREA. AND NOW
LEATER, IT
NOT ONLY IS THE RY CARRYING
STRIKES IN EASTERN RAFFA, BUT
ALSO APPARENTLY MOVING IN
S TA
T A MAJOR
FFA ST FOR,
THAT THAT ATTAIN LEVEL. ALL RITS
CLK A
SATHE VE
MONTHS, E S HAS
WAL AGAINST ATTACKING
F CIVILIANS
CASUALTIES.
FLETS TODAY  BEING DROPPED I
EASTERFF
CIVILIANWHIC CWHO IS SAID  THE
THE GROD TION EFFORTS FOR LIS
QU OF GH IT WAS ALSO CAUSING
PAUT
ARE BEING TOLD TO EVACUATE AND
GO OR IF THEY G O GO ALL THE WAT
GAZA.  NORTH OF  ULNA WASHY A'
SET UP A HITARIAN  A
HUMANITARI ZCALL AN EUNICE,
ERGHT IN
FOOD, MEDICINE, BUT HUMANITARI'
ODATE THE NUMBER OF
RTICULARLY IF
OF  PANIC SPHOUT E CITY IN TERME
D VEOD
YOU WILL SEE AN EVEN LARGEF PEOP
COTHE THE
FACT THAT THIS EVENING
WESEMAGES
IT,  SAC AS THEY HAV
BEING, BUT OF
THAT ISRAEL HELP C W  IS NOT E
ITSN'TILL SAYING THAT
DEMANDSENDING A
DELEGATION, T
GROUO ENSIDES.>> AND THEN WHENHE
L RIGHT.
THANK YOU VERYUCH. A JEREMIE.
AWA GENERALAMNERAL MARX, EL
OF ANOPERN WELL, FIRST
ARAEL, HETHAT
HERE WAS CER ARGET FOR
INEVITABILITY TO THIS ION.
OBJECTIVE CLEARLYFOR
ISRAEL, FOR THFORCES TO
HE MISSION, TO GO
THINGS, UCREHAS
AND HAMAS FIGHTER
W BEAR IN MIND OVER THIS.
ATAY, PERIOD,
INTERREGNUM OF A COUPLE OF
WEEKS EL HAS BEEN G GNIFICANIN
THUCECONRMS OF
AFTER AND WHERE ARE THE
WANT RYOISOLATE THE G'T Y'ENSS
AND
COROLEARLY, THE IT INTO EGYPT, T
TO ALLOWT HE
EL
D ABOU
PLAT'S WHAT'IN
MOSTFIGH
LLD
TO DO SE PREPARATION, AS LL MAN
E
FROM THE KILL ZONE.
>> SO D
OF MOST IMPORTANT ALLY
AND CERTAINLY IN A WORLD WHERE
ISOLATS MOSTOR
HAS
Y SAT DON'SSAN AT IS
UBV,ORGALY THA IATMA
NEGOINAH  SPITE VEREA
NITION YEAWANT TO BE KROOS,
A MATTER
KEREALIZES TT
RAFFA IS CLEARED. D EE THAT THA
TO TAKE PLACE. LET'S BE FRANK,
DEOGGOING
TO CONTINUE  GROW. YO'ABLE T
AS IT EXIS RIGHT N HAMAS WILL
S, WHAT WE WOULDXPECT TO  YOU
WANT TSE ESSENTIALLY G PRESIDEN,
BUT I HAVEO
MPLETE THIS JOB AND S
SAID, HE'S G CHICKEN.'S GOING TR
OPROVIDING THE